Create flutter specific leak troubleshooting guidance. (#157396)
flutter/flutter: docs/contributing/testing/Leak-tracking.md

# Leak tracking in Flutter framework

Flutter Framework uses [leak_tracker](https://github.com/dart-lang/leak_tracker/blob/main/doc/leak_tracking/OVERVIEW.md) to auto-detect not disposed objects.

This page contains Flutter Framework related information.

See leak_tracker documentation for
[general leak troubleshooting](https://github.com/dart-lang/leak_tracker/blob/main/doc/leak_tracking/TROUBLESHOOT.md).

## When it is ok to opt-out from leak tracking?

In general, leak tracking should be enabled, to verify that all
disposables are disposed.
All exceptions should be clearly explained in the comments.

It is ok to opt out a test from leak tracking in these cases:

1. Hacky tests

    A test leaks because it uses APIs in non-recommended way
    and there is no simple way to either test what is needed
    in a recommended way or to dispose the objects.

> 2. Thrown exceptions

Reviewer: This is a common test case, is there guidance on how to handle these without opting out of leak tracking?

Author: not yet

    Some leaks happen because exceptions are thrown and
    the code did not finalize properly.

    While some exceptions should be finalized properly
    and should not result in leaking objects,
    the project to make sure disposables are disposed

>     in exceptional code paths was not prioritized yet.

Reviewer: Is there an issue tracking this that folks can refer to for updates?

Author: Created: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/157470

## Where leak tracking is configured?

Leak tracker is configured in [flutter_test_config.dart](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/9441f8f6c806fb0a3b7d058a40b5e59c373e6055/packages/flutter/test/flutter_test_config.dart#L45).

See [leak_tracker documentation](https://github.com/dart-lang/leak_tracker/blob/main/doc/leak_tracking/TROUBLESHOOT.md)
on how to enable/disable leak tracking for individual tests and files.

## What are defaults?

> Leak tracking is disabled for local test runs and for all bots except two:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leak tracking is enabled on two test shards in Flutter's testing infrastructure:
```

- [Windows framework_tests_libraries_leak_tracking](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/9441f8f6c806fb0a3b7d058a40b5e59c373e6055/.ci.yaml#L5553)
- [Windows framework_tests_widgets_leak_tracking](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/9441f8f6c806fb0a3b7d058a40b5e59c373e6055/.ci.yaml#L5640C11-L5640C56)

> To enable leak tracking for flutter tests, pass

Reviewer: Is this for local testing?

Author: for both local testing and bots

`--dart-define LEAK_TRACKING=true` to `flutter test`.

> You can see the bot's status on [Flutter dashboard](https://flutter-dashboard.appspot.com/#/build).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the bot's status on the [Flutter build dashboard](https://flutter-dashboard.appspot.com/#/build).
```
